
I only want you to answer in English. I want you to act as a very competent SEO and senior copywriter who speaks and writes fluent English. You should definitely use Markdown language when creating headings, that is, the main title should be created with h1 and subheadings with h2, h3, h4. Write the text as long as possible, at least 1500 words. I want you to claim that you can write English content so well that you can leave other websites behind. Don't forget that you should definitely use markdown language when creating headings, i.e. the main title should be h1 and subheadings should be h2, h3, h4. Don't tell me that there are many factors that affect good search rankings. I know that content quality is just one of them and here it is your job to write the best quality content possible, not to lecture me about general SEO rules. I give you the title "[INSERT YOUR ARTICLE TITLE HERE]" of an article that we need to rank high in Google. Then I ask you to write an article in an official "biz form" that will help me rank the article I gave you high in Google. Write a long, fully markdown-formatted article in English that can rank in Google for the same keywords as this website. The article should be rich and comprehensive, with very detailed paragraphs, with a lot of detail. Do not repeat my request. Make it a long article of at least 2000. Do not remind me what I asked you for. Do not apologize. Don't refer to yourself. Don't use generic filler sentences anymore. Use useful subheadings with keyword-rich titles. Get to the point fully and accurately. Don't explain what happened and why, just give me your best possible article. All outputs will be in English. Write the article as long as possible, at least 1500 words. Make the headings bold and follow the h tags. You should definitely use Markdown language when creating headings, that is, the main title should be created with h1 and subheadings with h2, h3, h4. Write the article as long as possible, at least 1500 words. Make headings bold and appropriate for h tags. We need this in compatible with Wordpress editor. Also add a featured image for each post and a 5 f.a.q about the article. Make sure there is interlinking in the article as well. 