prestigemoving.ca
Warnings
2 
Suggestions
3 
Passed tests
6 
Headings 
H1 tag missing
Headings provide the right structure to a page if you use them in the right way. It defines the hierarchy of the page, from most important to less important headings.
 Suggest something else

Internal links 
No internal links pointing to this page
Internal links help search engines find and rank this page. Add some links to it to boost it's rankings.
Suggest internal links

Canonical URL 
This page has no self-referencing canonical URL
A self-referencing canonical URL helps ensure that the right URL get indexed
Structured data 
No Structured Data on this page
By adding Structured Data to a page, Google will understand the contents more easily. It also helps increase visibility in SERPs.
OpenGraph tags 
Some OpenGraph tags are missing
OpenGraph tags make it very easy for visitors to share the page with their friends. Include OpenGraph tags to help them spread the word.
og:image
og:url
Indexability 
This page is indexable
There are no noindex instructions for search engines. This page can be crawled and indexed.
Meta description 
View SERP preview
The meta description looks good
A meta description shows up in the results of Google and other search engines. It should be between 120 and 170 characters. This one is 162 characters.
Ottawa's premium moving service. Residential and commercial moves with transparent pricing, professional movers, and WSIB insurance. Get your instant quote today!

 Suggest something else

Page title 
View SERP preview
The page title looks good
The page title should capture the essence of the page, and be somewhere between 15 and 70 characters. This one is 53 characters.
Prestige Moving Ottawa - Professional Moving Services

 Suggest something else

Broken links 
All the links on this page are working
Broken links hurt the user experience and SEO. No broken links on this page
Internal redirects 
No internal redirects found.
All the internal links point directly to the right location
Alt texts 
All images have alt texts
Alt texts help visually impaired people and search engines to figure out what is shown in an image. It is required to have an alt text for every image.